Morse Code (CW) Station
This station is located at the North-East corner of the parking lot. The station is working exclusively using
Morse Code mode (a.k.a. CW). You can listen to the exchange, but please don't disturb the operators.
CW Station captain is Carl WB4ABY. Please contact him if you have any questions.

Phone Station (SSB)
This station is located in Pavilion outside the South-West corner of the soccer field. It mostly uses Phone
mode (a.k.a. SSB or single-side band). Check the whiteboard at the station to see who is acting as the
Control Station operator when you stop by.

Swing Station
This station is located at the North-East corner of the parking lot. It uses all modes: Phone, CW, Digital
(FT8).

Satellite Station
This station is located at the West side of the middle of the parking lot. It uses Amateur Radio satellites
for contacts. You can watch the map and see when the next satellite will pass our location.
Station captains are Lori K4UPI and Daryl K4RGK. Please contact them if you have any questions.
Free VHF Station
This station is located at the Pavilion next to the Phone Station (SSB). It uses the VHF bands, including
&quot;the magic band&quot; i.e., -the 6 meter band, and the 2-meter band. If propagation is good this band can
bring great surprises. Check the whiteboard to see who is acting as the Control Station operator when
you stop by.

GOTA (Get On The Air) Station
The GOTA station is located behind the Main picnic pavilion, on the East side of the upper soccer field.
GOTA stations may operate on any Field Day band, HF or VHF, but is limited to one GOTA station
transmitted signal at any time. The GOTA station may be operated by any person licensed since the
previous year’s Field Day, regardless of license class. It may also be operated by a generally inactive
licensee. Non-licensed persons may participate under the direct supervision of an appropriate control
operator. Jim N4SEC, Terry W4YBV, and Fred W4FRA are managing the GOTA station. Please feel free to
direct your questions to one of them or the Control Operator on duty.